hello happy valentine's day today I'm
going to do something a little bit
different um this does not have to be
single awareness day just so you know um
this could just be a fun day where you'd
let your loved ones know that you love
them I got a Valentine's Day card for my
mom I'm loved so today I'm going to tell
you things that I absolutely cannot
stand in the romance department of books
and then I'm going to tell you the
things that I absolutely love to read in
the romance department of books I love
retellings of classes no mr. nobley hmm
I'd really hate listening to the girl go
on and on and on about the guys that
she's in love with and how gorgeous he
is oh if I have to hear one more time
how beautiful Edwards faces I just might
break it I love stories where there is a
nice undertone of romance where you are
not sure whether two characters are
meant to get together or not what are so
invested in just these two characters
and the under tone of romance that you
just can't wait to find out to they get
together I can't stand reading about
unhealthy relationships I love it when
two characters absolutely hate each
other but are thrown together in some
sort of adventure or whatever and along
the way they slowly melt towards each
other oh I can't stand when an author
loses sight of the story and focuses
more on the sexual relationship of two
people you
ah did not want to know that his hands
went where oh I love it when two people
from 20 different worlds and backgrounds
fall in love a goth and a cheerleader I
can dig that I can't stand it when
somehow throughout the story the guy has
lost his man card and has become this
whiny annoying sapping weirdo okay dude
really I love it when the guy or the
girl are super sarcastic towards one
another to hide their true feelings I
can't stand when a book is so drenched
in hot teenage hormones excuse me excuse
me I've got a drenched book over here
I'm gonna need a new book I love
emotional dramas on sale of doom you let
you go it drives me much when there's
too much twinkling in the eye going on
or something okay we're halfway through
the book and your eyes you need to get
your eyes checked cuz there's something
going on there's too much twinkling
going on I love cheesy cuteness where
the guy is sweet and the girl has some
issues oh it's just a nice guy I can't
stand when the guy's a panting is crying
all the time okay the time period of the
writing style I get Bob Raul and the
Phantom were crying all the time good
grief I wanted to stop them I love when
there is a deception in one of the
characters but because of that deception
they can't reveal their feelings because
they the other person doesn't know
I just reveal yourself seriously well I
hope you've enjoyed this short quick fun
video um let me know what are some
things you like and dislike about
romance in regards to the books that we
read happy Valentine's Day